For this task I have specified the following steps:

    1. The first step to start the investigation is to analyse the table structure, here we can include indexes, data types, the relations between other
       tables as in our situation we have seller-table which is linked to our Station table.

    2. My first recommendation is to use an execution plan to analyse the queries that manipulate the Station table and its columns. 
       This will enable us to pinpoint any slow performance issues, such as index scans or full table scans. Based on this analysis, 
       we can add or modify indexes on the columns that are frequently used in Update operations, to improve their efficiency.

    3. Considering that the Station table will grow in size because of the expanding the amount of data, we can use partitioning. 
       It will help us to distribuite the data across multiple storage locations, which can improve the performance of the query for large table size. 
       We can implement caching was well. 
       Partitioning and caching are deprecated if we are using newest versions of MySQL ( This technology was mentioned in our first interview, that’s why
       I gave it like an example). In this case in MySQL for partitioning is using the engine tool called Native Partitioning and for caching is using 
       caching in the application layer.

    4. Writing SELECT queries, it is important to only select the necessary columns instead of using SELECT * (select all) to retrieve all columns,
       including unnecessary ones. Additionally, we could try to avoid retrieving large amounts of data unnecessarily, especially for queries that are  
       executed frequently. By doing so, we can significantly improve the performance of the queries which are manipulation with Station table.

    5. Improving the performance of UPDATES operations on the Station table, I consider utilising batch updates or stored procedures. However, we must be 
       careful about using triggers or other database objects that may add extra overhead. 

In conclusion I think that it is crucial to have a thorough understanding of the database workload and system architecture to determine the most effective solutions to implement.
